[Autogenerated] hi.
In this clip,
we are going to focus on creating a multiple step
workflow with decisions and tasks.
We are going to implement a scenario for our global Mantex company.
Firstly,
we'll have a task that generates a PdF report will be
using the land of function toe.
Hold our logic.
Next, we'll have an increase in step.
Some clients have sensitive data,
so they want the reports to be encrypted before sent anywhere.
The encryption step will also be a server less land.
The function,
based on the encryption settings off the customer will make the choice
whether we need to increase or not increase our document after the
encryption step will have an e mail step.
These will send the actual file to the client.
The generated be their file and the increase pdf file will
be saved on Amazon as three storage.
And finally, we have the cleanup step.
We don't want our files to stay on history for no reason after their scent.
So after the email step has been completed,
we want to clean up the generated media files as well.
Let's get started first.
Let's take the logic for our several Islam.
The factions for this demo, I'm using no j several dysfunctions,
but you can use the programming language off your choice.
The report Generation Lambda Function doesn't actually generate a really report,
but it generates a pdf file with some demo data.
The demo data is placed on Amazon every storage and Ling Tau.
That file is out.
Put it as a result.
Next, we have our encryption function.
These will encrypt the report and story on history just like the previous
function and output the link to the encrypted file.
The email function will receive the file as an import on
email address to send it toe and the subject.
Using that information,
it will send out an email and include a Pdf report as an attachment.
And finally, our cleanup step will delete the two generated files from storage.
So we don't gather unnecessary files on our storage.
You will find the Lambda functions used in this demo in
the exercise files for the course.
Let's go ahead and create a new work so this workflow
will not have high event rate workloads.
So let's leave the type as standard.
I have already prepared the workflow definition for this demo.
We are going to go through it step by step and explain each step in detail.
If you refresh the diagram, we can see a preview off power flow.
Well, let's start with our first date,
which is going to be a task state that will invoke
the PDF Generation Lambda function.
To do that, we specify the resource which will be Lambda,
and we'll use the inbox FBI and in the parlor meter section.
We specify the function name, which will be the function A Alan.
This function does not require any import for real life scenarios.
Ideally, these were taking some sort of client I D or another identifier.
But for demo, this won't require any import.
So in the payload section, we won't best anything for the output.
We need to use a result bath property to map our
function output to a specific variable.
So the next step execution does not override the workflow output.
Let's name this steps output report generation output.
Next, we're going to have a past eight.
Past states are useful when we want to map some data to the output.
In our case, when we call our email step,
we won't know from which that we came from,
and we shouldn't.
And also our email step also should have cared.
If it's sending the encrypted file or the unencrypted file,
all it needs to know is which file to send.
So we're going to use the past day to map a set off PIRA meters.
We're going to map the report generation output into two properties,
email file and unencrypted file.
We are going to override the email file on the encryption step if we reach
it and we're going to use unencrypted file in the encryption step and even
clean up step later on using Result Bath,
we will save the data in the report options that report data.
Next, we have a choice.
They here will make the decision to increase the report or not,
we are going to use the property should increase on the report.
Options object.
If the value is said to true, we move to the encryption step.
Otherwise we move to the email step.
Next,
we'll have the encryptions that the encryption step is going to point
to the encryption London function for the import.
It's only going to need the unencrypted report filed
path we generated on the first step.
The output off the encryption step will be the
encrypted file location on Amazon s tree.
And that result will be stored on a property called encryption output,
which we specify using the result bath.
Before we go to the email step, we need to add another pastor here.
They're going to override the email file property.
So it now points to the encrypted file and also
said the encrypted file property, so we can use it later in the cleanup step.
Now in our power meters, we need to specify email,
file an encrypted file and an unencrypted file,
and all these properties will now be available in the
report options that report data which we can use on the
email step and in the cleanup step.
Next, we have the emails step.
These will use the email London function and,
as an import,
will have the client email subject body on the property called email file.
The email file Property will have encrypted report
if the encryption was required.
Otherwise, it will have the unencrypted report if encryption was not required.
And finally, after the email step,
we have the cleanup step this step will taking apart a meter,
a least off files or on object with our files.
Currently, there is no way to create an away on the step function definition,
so we'll be passing object off files.
The cleanup function is smart enough to determine between array and
an object and delete all the files specified.
This will be our last item on the workflow,
so we need to set the and property to True now that we
have completed our workflow definition, that's great.
The workflow.
Let's give you the descriptive name and for the role we're
going to leave it as creating new role.
These will create a role based on the definition off the work floor,
which will give it the appropriate permissions.
Once the work slow has been created that start a new
execution using the staff execution bottom,
we are going to pass our options in an object called report options.
We need to specify a client email on email,
subject une male body and should angry tell it to encrypt our report or not.
In this case, we're choosing to encrypt our report.
Once the workflow execution starts,
we can see in the diagram steps being executed one after the other.
The blue color indicates that the step execution is in progress,
and green means it's complete and once execution of the work flow is completed.
If we check our inbox,
we should have an email with the specified subject body and a pdf
attachment that we cannot open since it's encrypted.
If we look at our in box, we can see that an email has arrived.
And if we try to open the pdf file, we should not be ableto.
Now.
Let's execute our workflow again without requiring encryption.
We can do that by using the new execution bottom at the top right corner.
Let's change the shoot Angry property to falls once we execute a workflow.
If we look at the diagram, the encryption step shouldn't be executed.
This time around.
Seems to be setting tau false.
And when the workflow is completed, if we check our email,
we should have a video file attached that we can read now.
And indeed,
we have a PdF file attached that we can read AWS Step Functions
makes creating complex work clothes easy,
and we can use our existing several its functions to feed them into a larger,
complex business.
Workflow.
That's it for creating work close with multiple steps and decisions, we look into error handling and other options in the clips to call.